Adding Worker Tools information to Ubuntu 22 workers docs (#1824)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/infrastructure/workers/dynamic-worker-pools/ubuntu-1804-end-of-life.md

### Are the Windows dynamic workers affected in any way?
This change does not impact the Windows dynamic workers.

### How does this affect Execution Containers? ###

> Although Ubuntu 18.04 docker images, along with [Worker Tools](/docs/infrastructure/workers/worker-tools-versioning-and-caching.md), can still operate on Ubuntu 22.04 dynamic workers, we will no longer provide support for the ubuntu.18.04 Worker Tools. Instead, we have introduced a new [ubuntu.22.04](https://hub.docker.com/layers/octopusdeploy/worker-tools/ubuntu.18.04/images/sha256-4b5cf2035840835f902bfe4882c99fd41a7df1d981e93fc43cdc9d0b96e7fe87?context=explore) image, which is recommended moving forward.

Reviewer: The link pointed to 18.04. I changed the link to the tag filter page using `22.04` as the search

```suggestion
Although Ubuntu 18.04 docker images, along with [Worker Tools](/docs/infrastructure/workers/worker-tools-versioning-and-caching.md), can still operate on Ubuntu 22.04 dynamic workers, we will no longer provide support for the ubuntu.18.04 Worker Tools. Instead, we have introduced a new [ubuntu.22.04](https://hub.docker.com/r/octopusdeploy/worker-tools/tags?page=1&name=22.04) image, which is recommended moving forward.
```

Author: Thanks for catching that Harrison!
